it has been a while since i read any black buttler and i didnt get very far, probably book 5 or 6 or so. also Grell is a trans woman

O
	Grell is reading in the libary of the phantomhive manor madame red has been working her tierlessly.
sebastian walks through the, he is curently on break and is looking to see if the cat he likes is around.
that cat has been getting into the libary and he is worried that it will urinate on an exspensive book
plus he also wants to pet the cat.
	as usial grell notices sebastian and trys to try her hand at flirting with him. "hello sebastian darling.
looking very handsom as usial" she is met with sebastian's usial "what do you wnat grell" she pauses for a moment asif thinking
before responding with a little wink "oh you bassy" sebastian pretends to think for a moment before he shuts her down
like normal he has a devilish idea. he has had a long day after all and maybe a little fun is in order, it will blow off steam
and maybe show that stupid thing she dosnt want him, he thinks to himself. "sure why not grell"
	grell giggles excited that she finally got what she wants as sebastian aproaches. "shouldnt we do this somewhere else?
we do not want your young master walking in do we?" "it is already locked grell" he made sure to lock it so the cat would not 
get out, now the locked door would insure he was not disturbed. "oh my, did you plan this bassy?" grell asks standing up 
and turning around. "do you think i did?" sebastian responds as he gentily runs his fingers through grells silky soft hair,
'it is very soft' he thinks to himself before taking a handfull of and and slamming her head into the couch she was sitting on
he holds her head down with one hand while unbutining his trousers. 'handy that grell likes to pretend to be a woman and
wore a skirt today' he thinks to himself. once sebastian has gotten his trousers down far enough he lifts grells skirt
revealing her panties they are red too. he pulls them down. grell who was too shocked to speak at first has realised
what is happening "oh bassy i didnt know you wanted me that much" sebastian places a knee next to her on the couch and lines up.
"sebastian. what about lube?" grell asks, sounding less sure of herself now. sebastian responds by thrusting into her, it hurts.
	grells world goes white with pain with the first thrust then again with the seccond. on the third she feels a red hot pain
the fourth thrust is a bit smoother and the fith glides in and out even more easily. sebastian looks down and sees that his 
member is covered in blood. there is quite a bit of blood. 'this couch is alread old and not the comfertble anyways' he thinks
to himself with a chuckle. grell whimpers in pain tears welling up in her eyes, her glasses have fallen off and are dangleing 
around her neck by their chain. "shut up or they will hear you" sebastian says while striking her in he back of the head with his
open hand. grell burries her face in the couch and weeps quietly. 
	affter he finishes sebastian pulls out grabs the hem of grelled skirt and whipes her blood and his semen off on it.
"clean yourself up. i thought you wanted to be a woman." sebastian says while zipping up. grell stands up from the couch blood running 
down her thighs. she puts her glasses back on and smooths out her blouse. sebastian throws his hankerchif hitting her in the face
"plug it up" "is this any way to treat a lady" grell says shakily while using the hankerchif to staunch the bleeding. 
"pleanty of women get treated like that. you should be greatfull. i though this is what you wanted" sebastian replys.
grell looks at her feet, a mixter of shame and fear crossing her face.
	back in her room grell curls up in her bed hugs a pillow and crys. 'why did i ask for that' she asks herself.
after her cry she stands up and checks on the dammage. an old hand mirror shows her that it is not bleeding anymore and it isnt
prolapsed. she sighs in releaf and uses a wet rag to whipe the blood off, she worries that a bath would make the bleeding start again
grell changes into her normal buttler outfit. however after walking back and forth in her room with it she realises that the fabric
is too tight on her tender butt. she replaces the pants with a floor length skirt.
	grell exits her room and goes to find madame red. "hello grell, i see you are dressed a bit difrently than usial for your 
duties" "I am sorry ma'am just tore my last pair of clean trousers" grell responds thinking quickly "mmm allright grell" the lady
says not realy beleaving grell but also not realy cairing what her buttler wears. as grell is doing her errands she runs into sebastian
he smirks at her, a face she hasnt seen him make before and it sends spines of forboding into her heart. 'this isnt over' grell thinks
to herself, mostly in fear of what sebastian may do next.



	

